# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
// ImGuiStyle
// You may modify the ImGui::GetStyle() main instance during initialization and before NewFrame().
// During the frame, use ImGui::PushStyleVar(ImGuiStyleVar_XXXX)/PopStyleVar() to alter the main style values,
// and ImGui::PushStyleColor(ImGuiCol_XXX)/PopStyleColor() for colors.
## struct  **<struct> ImGuiStyle**

``` c
I mGuiStyle()
```

``` c
void ScaleAllSizes(float scale_factor)
```
# -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
// Misc data structures
## Shared state of InputText(), passed as an argument to your callback when a ImGuiInputTextFlags_Callback* flag is used.
The callback function should return 0 by default.
Callbacks (follow a flag name and see comments in ImGuiInputTextFlags_ declarations for more details)
- ImGuiInputTextFlags_CallbackCompletion:  Callback on pressing TAB
- ImGuiInputTextFlags_CallbackHistory:     Callback on pressing Up/Down arrows
- ImGuiInputTextFlags_CallbackAlways:      Callback on each iteration
- ImGuiInputTextFlags_CallbackCharFilter:  Callback on character inputs to replace or discard them. Modify 'EventChar' to replace or discard, or return 1 in callback to discard.
- ImGuiInputTextFlags_CallbackResize:      Callback on buffer capacity changes request (beyond 'buf_size' parameter value), allowing the string to grow.
## struct  **<struct> ImGuiInputTextCallbackData**
### Arguments for the different callback events
- To modify the text buffer in a callback, prefer using the InsertChars() / DeleteChars() function. InsertChars() will take care of calling the resize callback if necessary.
- If you know your edits are not going to resize the underlying buffer allocation, you may modify the contents of 'Buf[]' directly. You need to update 'BufTextLen' accordingly (0 <= BufTextLen < BufSize) and set 'BufDirty'' to true so InputText can update its internal state.


### Helper functions for text manipulation.
Use those function to benefit from the CallbackResize behaviors. Calling those function reset the selection.



``` c
I mGuiInputTextCallbackData()
```

``` c
void DeleteChars(int pos, int bytes_count)
```

``` c
void InsertChars(int pos, const char* text, const char* text_end = NULL)
```
## Resizing callback data to apply custom constraint. As enabled by SetNextWindowSizeConstraints(). Callback is called during the next Begin().
NB: For basic min/max size constraint on each axis you don't need to use the callback! The SetNextWindowSizeConstraints() parameters are enough.
## struct  **<struct> ImGuiSizeCallbackData**
## Data payload for Drag and Drop operations: AcceptDragDropPayload(), GetDragDropPayload()
## struct  **<struct> ImGuiPayload**
### Members


### [Internal]


